Oakland Athletics at the Oakland Coliseum

Hey Readers,

To start off my new series of blog posts on baseball parks, I've decided that I would surprise everyone and start off with the not-so-obvious choice. Today I'll be talking about my experience at the Oakland Colisseum where I saw the Oakland A's play against the Texas Rangers. (I know, I know, you're probably thinking Whattt!?!!? Not the Mets?!?!) Figured I'd start out with something new since I did do a mini-post about the Mets last year.

So I'm not sure how I'm going to do the rankings since I haven't been to an astounding number of ball parks. I will probably go with 5 categories, each of them on a 1 to 10 scale. Now I can't really control the Match-up since who knows how the game is going to be, but the other categories such as Fan Base, Park Aesthetics, Park Amenities, and lastly, Park Food & Drinks (wanted to break it out from Amenities) are constants that don't really change depending on who is playing on the field. I will also go back after a period of time and do a re-evaluation of the all the parks and will probably write an article that re-evaluates every park. I'm hoping that with every visitation (and possibly re-visitation), my overall score for each park will be updated, especially when I have more park visitations under my belt.

Alright, enough of the boring explanations, it's time to get onto the good stuff.

-----

The Oakland Athletics.

Founded in 1968, the Oakland A's are the hottest team in baseball right now, leading the AL West (although it looks like recently the LA Angels have been catching up) with a 51-33 record. Jesus, if they keep going at this pace they could get over a hundred wins this season. Anyways, this team is the team that was the focus of MONEYBALL and the product that we're seeing on the field right now is a testament of Billy Beane's (Brad Pitt to you non-baseball folk) ability as a General Manager.

With a salary of $75 mil for the year (the Mets are spending $82 mil), the Oakland A's have powerful offensive players like Yoenis Cespedes, Brandon Moss,and Josh Donaldson. It's not only the offense that is driving this team. They have superb pitching crew as well. Sonny Gray, Scott Kazmir, the amazing bench-punching Drew Pomeranz. I could go on and on but as a Mets fan, it's definitely something to be jealous about (but it's okay because the Mets beat the Oakland A's and Jesse Chavez in a rout earlier this year, thanks Interleague games!). After reading the book MONEYBALL, I have only the utmost respect for the Oakland A's organization and the economist in me is right on board with the management philosophy of the Oakland A's. Correct the market inefficiencies inherent in baseball. 

To put it in laymen's terms, the Oakland A's are trying to get the most bang for their buck.

And with that in mind, I walk into the O.co Coliseum.

Park Aesthetics: 2/10

The Coliseum was first constructed in the 60's during a time when multi-purpose Sports Complexes dotted the country. Municipalities trying to get the most bang for their buck would throw all of their sports teams into the same building, probably for the sake of "efficiency". Well... the late 60's were a wild time because multi-purpose stadiums clearly aren't around any more. In fact, the only multi-purpose sports complex that is left is the O.co Coliseum, home of not only the Oakland A's but also the Oakland Raiders as well.

As much as I like the product on the field, I can't say the same for the park itself. The view from the BART station isn't particularly exciting. The exterior looks like a concrete prison complete with barbed wire fences leading to the ticket booth. On the outside, you can see two banners declaring the triumphs and successes of both the A's and the Raiders. Besides those two banners, nothing else makes the park stand out. 

The interior isn't that much better. Gray, cold concrete everywhere. I noticed that upon entering the park, you're already on the 2nd or 3rd floor, unlike most of the ballparks that I've visited. Apparently the baseball field is on a basement level. Another unique feature of the field itself is the enormous foul zones. Since the Coliseum is also used for football for half the year, the dimensions of the baseball field are kind of screwed up in the process. Yet another one of those weird ballpark features. Foul zones aside, the Oakland Coliseum is definitely large. The furthest fence is about 400-something feet. The other dimensions are as follows - xxx:yyy:zzz:aaa:bbb:ccc:ddd.

Correct me if I'm wrong but I think that makes it a Pitchers park. In terms of the rankings, it's considered a pitcher's park at least. Tell that to the Offensive Beast that plays in Oakland because it certainly doesn't seem that way.

Walking around the park wasn't that much fun either. Gray concrete everywhere and the stores/restaurants around the park didn't look that great either. I could probably blame my experiences at CitiField but I noticed that wherever you go, you don't really have a great view of the ball game. The ceilings of the upper decks really blocked the view of the game, not to mention the tunnel areas that were barren and lacking of stores.

The seats that I bought were pretty good! The best part was that they were cheap as well. For $30, I was able to sit in section 217, which is the upper deck right behind home plate. You definitely can't do that at CitiField (stupid DELTA seats). According to some of my friends, the upper decks where the outfield is wasn't there originally. That meant that there was a fairly beautiful view of the Oakland mountains. Unfortunately, instead of that beautiful mountain view I was treated to another outfield upper deck with tarps laid out over the seats. It kind of reminded me of EverBank Field (where the Jacksonville Jaguars play).

All in all, this was not a pretty stadium... which kind of sucks because the Oakland A's are playing some of the HOTTEST baseball. The baseball faithful will definitely enjoy going to games here but I can see the more casual fans not going out of their way to watch a game here. That's what AT&T Park (The San Francisco Giants) is for.

Park Amenities: 3/10

I'm not going to beat around the bush for this section. The park amenities were absolutely terrible. I've been to High School sporting arenas that were much better than the Oakland A's Coliseum. But this shouldn't come as a surprise to you folks that follow baseball. There have been many stories of sewage pipes bursting and leaking in various areas of the park. Like the time that the sewage pipe busted near the opponent's locker changing room. Or the sewage explosion that happened near one of the few good restaurants in the park. That's the reputation at least.

So let's start with the good. The number of bathrooms and the spacing of these bathrooms wasn't too bad. I would say that wherever you're sitting, there's a usable bathroom not too far away. The bad news? The bathrooms are absolutely terrible. I can't speak for the women's bathrooms in the facilities (I'm just assuming that they were terrible) but the men's bathrooms were horrendous. Not only did they STINK but also the place didn't have proper urinals. Instead of urinals, they had long metal kitchen sink-like stalls that everybody shared. The sinks to wash your hands were clogged. There weren't enough paper towels. Overall, not a very good.

Besides the bathrooms, they did have an "auction"-type museum kind of facility that was sort of interesting. You could buy old game balls there for about $50. There was a day care center where kids could play. The Elephant Mascot (I dunno what his name is) was the main motif of these kids areas. Definitely not top of the line stuff though. Not compared to CitiField at least. The Budweiser Bow Tie Bar (that was advertised pretty heavily throughout the park) was nothing more than a "bar" area with round tables where people could charge their phones. The TVs were way worse than a typical Sports Bar. 

Not sure what else I can say about amenities but I'll be sure to include more when I do my re-evaluation of parks.


Park Food & Drink: 7/10

Baseball park food and drink is key to having a great experience at the ball park. Unfortunately, I can't say that the food in the park was up to snuff. Maybe I wasn't looking hard enough but in terms of eats, nothing really stood out to me. They had your typical burgers/chicken finger joints. They had some Mexican Burrito places (and in hindsight I probably should've gotten a meal there). They also had a number of BBQ places. I dunno, now that I'm listing it all out, the selection was DECENT although it wasn't spectacular. I ended up grabbing some Chicken Fingers from one of the regular hot dog/burger places that they had there. It was standard fare. Damnit, I really wish I got the burritos though. Guess I gotta go back.

But food isn't the thing that impressed me about this ball park. What was impressive was the sheer number of bars in the park. Not only was there a good number of drink dispensaries, all of them had EXTREMELY GOOD California Beer. This is what I love about the West Coast. They had various IPAs and "craft" beer that you couldn't really get in the East Coast. I ended up ordering a Pyramid Something Beer and also a Fat Tire (or was it Flat Tire?). I would've ordered more drinks as well but I also wanted to enjoy the game. I will have to say, the drink selection at Oakland was on par with CitiField. The beer was definitely better even if the bars themselves didn't look particularly amazing.

In short, food was aite but the drink choices definitely saved the day. And unlike CitiField, you can enjoy your beer instead of getting schwaisty-faced because the product on the field is much better.


Match-up: 8/10 (as in it was an exciting game!)

Alright ladies and gentlemen. Here's the most important part of the article. THE PRODUCT ON THE FIELD. I was lucky enough to see the Oakland A's play against the Texas Rangers. Drew Pomeranz (who had been a promising and steady pitcher up that point) was starting. He was up against TEXAS PITCHER. The best team of baseball against one of the worst teams of baseball.

The first few innings, I was sitting in the upper deck above the home plate which gave me such a great view of the pitches. Drew Pomeranz is known for the missiles that he throws. The first few innings of the game weren't bad for the young Pomeranz.

However, around the 4th inning, the Texas Rangers were able to make decent headway, scoring X amount of runs. And from there, the game devolved into a nightmare for the Oakland A's.

The good thing about high powered offensive teams like the Oakland A's is that you can never count them out. Unlike most teams were the scores get pretty lopsided, the A's still had a good chance to come back. This generations BASH BROTHERS (Yoenis Cespedes and Brandon Moss) hit multiple home runs and overall made for an exciting comeback. By the 8th inning, the A's were just 3 runs behind and the game still seemed pretty close. Unfortunately, it wasn't to be and the A's lost this first game of the series.


Fan Base: (10/10) HANDS DOWN DA BEST

Now the baseball game itself was a very exciting experience but what really MOVED me as a fan of baseball was the fanbase that showed up for a MONDAY EVENING game. HOLY SMOKES. Perhaps I visited the park when the Oakland A's equivalent of the 7 Line Army all showed up? What I saw was simply amazing.

The scoreboard and the sound system of the park is a piece of crap and because of these unfortunate circumstances, you can really hear the crowd in the park. Heck, you can even hear the crack of the bat. That being said, it seemed like every heckle, jeer, and shout of encouragement was clearly audible, no matter where you were in the park. Now this may seem like a terrible thing, especially since the stadium was probably at half capacity, however I was truly lucky enough to watch the game with what seemed like the most hardcore of fans. All the sections of the outfield were taken up by diehard fans and they were organized like a Japanese cheering troupe, an experience that is truly lacking in most American sports. These guys had EVERYTHING -- they had vuvuzuelas, banners, flags, and even a drum corp. Every time one of the batters in the A's had a base hit, the crowd went WILD. The chants would start and then the fans in the outfield would start their own drum line and cheer. Amazing. The best part was that people WERE NOT leaving early around the 7th or the 8th inning. 

Speaking of 7th inning, the 7th inning stretch was the standard "Take me out to the Ball Game" song followed by a disco song afterwards. Not the GREATEST. Washington has the Presidential Race and CitiField has Mr. Met shooting T-shirts with his Bazooka. This does not matter though because who needs a 7th inning stretch when the fans are entertaining throughout the entire game!


As a side note, I want to include this video. Even though Grant Balfour moved to the Tampa Bay Rays, the unique and awesome fan culture of the Oakland A's has brought the following to life whenever the closer steps onto the mound:

Sad that I missed out on witnessing it in real life.

When I compare it to other parks, the Oakland fan base is small in comparison to fan bases of the NY Mets or the Boston Red Sox. But that doesn't mean anything. These guys are truly loyal. And the best part about loyal fanbases? They're there through thick and thin. In the best times and the worst times. As a fan of losing sports team, I really, truly appreciate those fans that stick it out (except for Phillies fans, you guys suck). Not too many casuals (thank god). No fairweather fans like those at Yankee Stadium. Oakland, I salute you and your fans. Quite the show.


Overall Score: 30/50

When I take everything into account, I would say that my experience at the Oakland Coliseum was truly enjoyable. Although the park and the amenities weren't that great, the team and the fans really made the experience for me. In fact, I feel like my scores that I placed are inflated because of the fans that I met when I was there. I hope that I get another chance in the future to go back and visit the ballpark although it seems like they might be moving to a new stadium. This could be a good thing. I just hope that the team stays as hot as it is doing now, the fruits of Billy Beane's Moneyball coming into play.


-----

Report Card:

Park Aesthetics: 2/10
Park Amenities: 3/10
Park Food & Drink: 7/10
Match-up: 8/10
Fanbase: 10/10

Overall: 30/50

------

Alright readers, that should be it for now. I'll do my best to update the BASEBALL PARK section of my blog with every game that I go to. Lucky for all of you guys that I continue my stadium tour with a visit to Tropicana Field (THE TROP) to watch the Tampa Bay Rays play the Boston Red Sox on 7/25. Lester will pitching. And unfortunately, it will be the battle of the LOSERs as both teams are doing terrible in the AL East.

Please feel free to leave comments below if you have any suggestions or criticisms (constructive please).

Until next time!

-matt