The Tampa Bay Rays at Tropicana Field

Hi loyal readers. This is Part II of my "Day at the Ball Park" series. One of my life goals is to go to each ball park in the United States and to take in everything baseball for each of the different baseball stadiums. I know, I know, it's a bit cliche (like this list of sports cliches) but hey, you gotta admit that it is a really cool hobby. At the very least, it gives me a good excuse to travel around the country and take in the sights and sounds of the freest, most buttkicking country in the world (YEAH! 'MURICA!). 

Why baseball over football or basketball? Not to diss the other major sports (I am an avid Knicks fan) but nothing screams "AMERICA" more than baseball. Well, maybe bald eagles but I hear that raising bald eagles is a difficult hobby to get into. The thing I love most about baseball parks is that they're so noticeably different from each other, each arena with it's own advantages and disadvantages. They are a microcosm of each region, a unique amalgramation of local cuisine, etiquette, and most importantly, the local fan culture. Each organization takes these differences and makes it their own, making for a unique experience for players and fans alike.

For those of you that didn't read my previous ball park post on the Oakland Athletics (btw, I strongly recommend that you do) , I dabbled with a rating system and tried to explain my time at the O.co Coliseum in a concise and hopefully informational manner. I've decided to continue with the format that I laid out in my first entry and will do my best to add more substance to it depending on how my readers react. I plan to include more pictures, more park history, more team culture, and more of my spot-on analysis (just kidding, my misinformed opinions) in each of the sections that I'm writing about.

This time around, I decided to visit Sunny Florida to watch one of baseball's most under appreciated teams -- The Tampa Bay Rays. Of course, I had other reasons to visit Tampa (family, casino, beach) but I'm going to be honest, I was extremely excited to watch a game between the Tampa Bay Rays and the Boston Red Sox at one of the "crappiest" parks in the MLB. I'm sure some of you are scratching your heads and thinking, "REALLY?!? THE TAMPA BAY RAYS!?!? LOLOLOLMETS" (just kidding about that last part).

Yep. That's what I mean by under appreciated. The Tampa Bay Rays and the park that they play at, Tropicana Field, have a reputation for being an overall crappy experience. No crowds. Terrible baseball team. Dysfunctional Stadium. The list of flaws goes on and on and on. Well... let me just say one thing. My time at the Trop (as it's more fondly referred to) was one of the most pleasant surprises that I've had in a while. Yup, you heard me right. The Rays game that I went to was actually very entertaining. In hindsight, it was also a HISTORIC MATCH as in I witnessed MLB History because it was the last match between aces Jon Lester (of the Boston Red Sox) and David Price (of the TB Rays) before they got traded to the Oakland A's/Detroit Tigers as a result of the 2014 season's CRAZY trade deadline.

So let's kick it off. Ladies and Gentlemen, let me introduce you to the TAMPA BAY RAYS and TROPICANA FIELD.

-----

The Tampa Bay Rays.

One of the youngest franchises in MLB history, Tampa's foray into professional baseball started off in 1998 as an expansion team under the moniker, the Tampa Bay Devil Rays. Similar to all of the other expansion teams in the late 90s, the origin story of the Rays is filled with enough intrigue and back room dealings to make for a rather crappy baseball movie or maybe even a mediocre political drama (sorry folks, no MONEYBALL here). That being said, I figure I'll save you all the trouble and won't get into the nitty gritty. For those of you that are interested, I recommend reading "The Extra 2%" by Jonah Keri as he does a great job covering the city of St. Petersburg's 30+ year effort to bring a major league baseball team to the bay area. 

Since most of my readers are too lazy to read my entire review, let alone a whole book about the history of the Rays, I'll go ahead and cut to the chase. The short version is that Tampa got burned multiple times in their effort to finally bring an MLB team to the city. When they finally got their wish, the organization ended up in the American League East, the most historic and competitive division in major league baseball. Seriously though, just ask yourself this. Between the Yankees and the Red Sox, who has time to root for the Tampa Bay Rays? And so it was done. Tampa got themselves a baseball team in 1998 and after almost a decade of consecutive losing seasons, the Rays were able to dig themselves out of the whole and make a name for themselves. Thanks to the leadership of General Manager Andrew Friedman, President Matthew Silverman, and Manager Joe Maddon, the Rays had very successful seasons in 2008 and 2010, made history by winning the AL East Division titles. Even more surprising, the Tampa Bay Rays were able to accomplish this feat with one of the smallest pay checks in MLB history. 

Fast forward to 2014. Fortune seems to be turning their back on the Tampa Bay Rays as they aren't exactly the hottest team in the AL East. Their current record stands at 57-59 so they're close to being a .500 team (and yes, I know that they're better than the Mets but that's besides the point). The Ray's top hitters (Longoria, Zobrist) are struggling and they just let go of their ace pitcher. Yet amidst all these woes, the product on the field is still enjoyable and at times, inspirational. You see, Silverman and Friedman subscribe to a very similar MONEYBALL approach that Billy Beane is famous for. Using techniques that only former Wall Street bankers could've thought of, the Rays organization has assembled a pretty decent product with an amazing farm system that specializes in hot arms. Once their investment reaches their peak value (i.e. James Shields or David Price), the team sells off their investment via trade and hopefully ends up with fuel to feed the farm system fire. And that, dear readers, is how you manage a baseball team with a MONEYBALL Salary.

In other words, ladies and gentleman, the Tampa Bay Rays are trying to get the most bang for their buck. Keep all of this in mind as I step into Tropicana Field.

-----
PARK AESTHETICS 5/10 - NOT AS BAD AS I THOUGHT IT WAS GOING TO BE

Tropicana Field (or the Thunderdome as it was originally called) was constructed in 1990 as part of the city's first effort to bring Major League Baseball to the area. In their initial bid to entice the Chicago White Sox to become the TAMPA BAY White Sox, the city went all out to build the latest and greatest state-of-the-art sports facility, complete with domed-rooftop (to counteract the frequent Florida thunderstorms) and AstroTurf. At the time, this was a major investment, especially since there was no guarantee that the city was going to get a sports team.

Unfortunately the initial bid to bring baseball to Pinellas county fell flat on it's face. Not to worry though! The town of St. Petersberg tried again in 1993 in an effort to get an MLB expansion team, although this effort was also thwarted with the decision to bring baseball to Miami and Denver instead of Tampa Bay. It wasn't until 1997 that the MLB organization approved St. Petersburg's bid to bring an expansion team over, and then it wasn't until 1998 that the Devil Rays played their first regular season game against the Detroit Tigers. That means that for close to a decade, the park was unused by ANY sports team and that by the time baseball was officially introduced to Tampa, the "state-of-the-art" facilities devolved into "third-world country" conditions more than anything else. Luckily my trip to "The Trop"  wasn't as bad as I was expecting it to be. Apparently before the 2007 season, the park underwent some much needed renovations and they redid the interior and exterior, big time. Instead of being greeted by a run-down, lopsided, white monstrosity, I laid eyes upon a not-so-run-down, lopsided, white baseball park. Okay, not bad, I thought.

Actually, the white color and the structure of the park itself isn't too bad. I can understand having a domed stadium, especially since summers in Florida can be hot and humid (and therefore a bad time for the home crowd), not to mention the frequent thunderstorms that roll in every couple of hours. From a architectural stand point, you can definitely see the park from MILES AWAY when you're driving on the highway toward the game. When I say MILES AWAY, I bring this up as a legitimate complaint that I have against the park. It is simply too far from the major metropolitan areas. "The Trop" is situated on a peninsula between Tampa and St. Pete. Unfortunately, this location makes getting to the games a big hassle because Florida is VERY SPREAD OUT. It takes 30 minutes to drive from Tampa to the stadium and with all the traffic getting into and out of the parking lot, you can add an extra half hour. This particular trip made me appreciate games in the Northeast even more. Due to robust and reliable transportation systems of the Northeast (seriously, not a joke), it's fairly simple to get to a ball game without having to deal with much traffic along the way.

Anyway, the exterior from afar wasn't terribly nice but as I walked towards the main entrance from the parking lot, you could see that the ticketing office and the front portion of the park had been painted with a nice and refreshing light blue color. The colorful "Tropicana Field" sign seemed much more welcoming than, say, the front entrance of Yankee Stadium or the concrete tomb that is the Oakland Coliseum. Stepping through the doors, I ended up walking into a surprisingly large rotunda, another architectural splendor that you can't really tell from the outside. Although not nearly as nice as the Jackie Robinson Rotunda back in Citifield, the colorful displays of all the star atheletes make the first impression of the park seem magnificent and spacious. To the right of the entrance is the Team Shop where I was able to buy my Rays hat as part of my collection. I have to say that I was surprised that the stadium was so packed, especially since I was watching a team with no "historic tradition" of baseball fandom. In retrospect, this was probably because the Red Sox were in town and apparently the Red Sox (along with the Yankees) always draw the big crowds to any ball park.

Walking around the stadium had sort of a shopping mall feel (something I'll go into later) but for now, the seats that I was sitting at were on the left field upper deck, the 300 level section (which is equivalent to the 400 level section in Citifield). Not the greatest seats but still good enough to see the field and the entire park. There were some tarps on the highest level (I guess it would be the 500 section) but I'm guessing that they only open them up for play-off season (?). The only complaint that I do have about my seats is that it was a pain in the butt to find them. There is a distinct lack of maps, stairways, and elevators around the park so I ended up walking through various sections of the ball park. This wasn't necessarily a bad thing because I ended up walking through the VIP club but I did arrive at my seats a little bit and missed the first pitch because of all the confusion.

Getting into the baseball specifics, right away you could tell the field was very different from your normal outdoor ball parks. Because of the domed roof, the team opts to use astroturf instead of grass. Aesthetically... it looks pretty ugly. You can see weird discoloration streaks throughout the field. There is "sand" in the infield (or at least I think that it's sand or dirt) but the contrast is incredibly great against the astroturf field. When you look up towards the domed roof, you also notice something peculiar to the Trop. That's right, I'm talking about the circles of catwalks at the top. For lighting purposes, there are 3 rings of catwalks that kind of hang from the roof. So that's the practical function of these catwalks. The other functions you might be asking? Well, it's not difficult to imagine that pop flies actually hit the catwalks and affect the trajectory of the ball.

The dimensions of the ball park going from left field to right: 315 ft - 370 ft - 410 ft - 404 ft - 404 ft - 370 ft - 322 ft. Some of the fences are actually further than Citifield (410 as opposed to 408 ft) however there are no weird shapes with the way the fences are laid out. Although ESPN ranks the Trop as a "hitters" friendly park, all the other sources that I've read, from the Bill James website (http://www.billjamesonline.com/the_best_and_worst_hitters_parks/) actually designates it as a Pitcher Friendly park. I'm honestly not too sure whether it is a hitters or pitchers park. What I do know, however, is that because it is a domed stadium, there are no wind factors to take into account. The Pitching and the Hitting that you see in the field is as real as it gets. 

Overall I would say that the Trop as a facility isn't bad. The feeling and the atmosphere is much different from more "traditional/neo-modern" ball parks that I've been to. I guess it's not really my cup of tea but the astroturf and the dome and the catwalks really don't do it for me. It seems very... artificial. That being said, the stories of the park not being well-kept is complete BS. I think that the management AND the fans really care about the park and with the latest renovations, they have a facility that is good enough to host some great baseball.

To sum it up: The Trop is way better than I expected... not really a garbage dump (and not a concrete tomb like some other stadiums that I know).

-----
PARK AMENITIES 6/10 - FUN FOR THE KIDS, DECENT (AND DRUNK) FUN FOR THE ADULTS

From the Rotunda, the park splits into large corridors with stores, bars, and restaurants lining the walls. The feeling I got when walking around was more of a "shopping mall" atmosphere than baseball park. I'm not saying that it was terrible though. Wherever you went, hallways were pretty clean, there was an abundance of shops (not just baseball related), and the staff was very helpful and accomodating for all the guests. I guess my only complaint about the "shopping mall atmosphere" is the it takes the focus away from the ball game. The lack of a good view and the various "distractions" is kind of a turn off for baseball purists.

My initial distaste was quickly abated however. Roughly half the park has that "shopping mall" feel. What about the other half you ask? Well, the other half is what is known to the locals as the "Party Deck". Located in the outfield, the Party Deck is an open area with a perfect view of the baseball diamond and lined with various restaurants and bars. The large amount of space coupled with the good eats/drinks makes it an ideal space for visitors to gather and watch the game. You can sort of think of it like the eating area of Citifield, minus the long lines at shake shack. It became apparent that this is possibly the reason why nobody was at their seats for the game. The standing room from the Party Deck offered a pretty decent view of the game and the abundance of bars made it ideal for the rowdy bunch to just hang and watch baseball.

At the other end of the Party Deck (towards right field), you have a great view of the famous Ray Tank. Every now and then, an errant home run ball will end up landing in the tank and scaring the loveable sea creature/impressionable young children. Unfortunately, I didn't get the chance to go down the flight of stairs and wait in line to touch the sting rays that the team keeps but it was pretty cool. And this brings me to my next point. Tropicana Field is an extremely family friendly ball park. Not only is there a "Pet-able" Ray tank, there's also a fairly large arcade area for the kids. I noticed that there was an abundance of sports games (not just baseball related) as well as carnival games for kids to win prizes. Another point of interest within the baseball park is the Ted Williams baseball museum. I didn't get a chance to go inside but I hear that it's a great place for the kids to learn a thing or two about baseball history.

Which reminds me, I do want to talk about the bathrooms. Bathrooms are always a concern of mine whenever I go out (I even made plans for a bathroom app) so it's only expected that I also evaluated the toilets in the Trop. Much like the Oakland A's Coliseum, there used to be a reputation of sewage pipes bursting and leaking in various toilet areas of the park. My personal experience, however, was quite the opposite (thank friggin' god). I was pleasantly surprised to see clean toilet facilities with toilets that flushed! Say whattt?!!? Yeah, I guess I was expecting a trough like the one at the Coliseum so already it was a step up. Another thing that I noticed was the facilities were well stocked with paper towels and none of the sinks were clogged. Holy smokes guys. This is pretty good for a professional Major League Ballpark and I hope that other ballparks around the country learn a thing or two about maintaining a clean bathroom. So I tip my hat off to the Trop's cleaning crew, they did their job.

-----

PARK FOOD & DRINK 5/10 - CHAIN RESTAURANTS, CHEAP BEER, AND BBQ NACHOS

The dining experience at the Trop is pretty weird because it's a bit unexpected... and I don't mean it in a bad way, just a... well... let me continue and maybe you'll get the idea.

As soon as you walk into the ballpark, whether you're hanging around the shopping mall-esque corridors or strolling down the Party Deck, the first thing that catches your attention is the number of Outback Steakhouses and Papa John's serving up their respective blooming onions and cheese pizzas. Not that I dislike food from Outback and Papa John's--both staples of suburban America. I just think that the wide availability from these national chains sort of kill some of the "uniqueness" in ballpark food. I said earlier that food from ballparks should be a little bit representative of the local community. Well, the abundance of these Outbacks and Papa John's tells me that the local community is full of a bunch of suburbanites...

Well, okay, maybe I am being a little bit harsh here. In the Trop's defense, there are more unique offerings, they're just hidden around the park. The Ray's Signature Concession webpage (http://tampabay.rays.mlb.com/tb/ballpark/signature_items.jsp) makes it seem like the Tampa Bay region has a lot of Cuban influence (not sure if this is true because I always thought Miami with it's Little Havana was the most Cuban place in the States, but I digress). One of the signature eats is the Cuban Sandwich available at the various Grand Slam Delis scattered throughout the park. If that's a little too foreign for your taste buds, they also have the Cuban Burger that fuses the unique pickle-tasting Cuban flavor in burger form. Unfortunately, I opted to skip on the Cuban food because I unknowningly ate Cuban food before coming to the park so I feel like I missed out on an experience there. Not to worry. I opted to go for this instead:

<insert picture of BBQ Nachos>

I made a quick stopover at the Everglades BBQ Smokehouse and got myself some pulled pork nachos. I just want you to take a quick moment and think about how great a bbq pulled pork sandwich is. Can't you just imagine the BBQ taste lingering in your mouth. Okay, now try and imagine going to your favorite bar and eating the cheesiest, greasiest nachos. Okay, so you got both of those in your head, right? Alright, now I want you to combine the two and just imagine it. Mmmmmm...

Washing the deliciousness down was a bit more difficult. Unlike the ball parks in California, the availability of the tastiest, freshest craft beer was a bit harder to come by. Off the top of my head, there were two bar areas that I could've gone to that seemed to have the really tasty beer and spirits in stock. One location was the Everglades Brewhouse which was close to the entrance. The other area was somewhere around the Party Deck, close to the Ray Tank. I don't recall what the name of that part of the park was but you could get mixed drinks, hard liquors, etc. In any case, I ended up drinking some Bud Lites because that was the standard drink that many of the restaurants had in stock. I can't really complain though, it was relatively cheap compared to what I would pay whenever I watch a game at Citifield.

All in all, I would have to say that my dining experience at the Trop was merely average. The food choices were very interesting and if given the chance, I would go back and try some of the more Cuban dishes. I only wish that there were better drinks available. As a beer guy, I was definitely underwhilmed during my visit but perhaps this isn't what I should be drinking. Apparently, the Capt. Morgan mixed drinks in the ginormous plastic "yard" cups are the way to go. Do keep that in mind if you ever visit the Trop.

-----

MATCH-UP 8/10 - PITCHING DUEL BETWEEN THE ACES OF TWO CRAPPY TEAMS
Link to the Boxscore: http://scores.espn.go.com/mlb/boxscore?gameId=340725130&teams=boston-red-sox-vs-tampa-bay-rays
FINAL: 6-4 TAMPA BAY RAYS

The actual matchup between the Rays and the Red Sox was... WOW to say the least. I know that 6-4 doesn't really look like a "PITCHER'S DUEL" and there was no real shut out going on but keep in mind that most of the runs scored occurred after the bullpen came out. The match took place on July 25th with each respective team's aces starting on the mound. For the Tampa Bay Rays, we had David Price and for the Boston Red Sox, we had Jon Lester. Fun fact about this match! This was the last game where David Price and Jon Lester pitched for their respective teams. Pretty soon after this match-up was the 2014 MLB trade deadline and we saw David Price traded to the Detroit Tigers and Jon Lester traded to the Oakland Athletics. Crazy stuff, right? For fans of great pitching, this was one for the history books.

Some additional context to add for this matchup is the fact that the Boston Red Sox and the Tampa Bay Rays hate each others guts. A few choice words here, a bat flip there, and pretty soon you have Big Papi and David Price with big beef and BAM! Another rivalry in the AL East.

The first half of the game went relatively quickly. With the exception of the 2nd inning where Shane Victorino hit a homer to left field, most of the innings were three men on, three out. David Price was able to rack up 6 strikeouts in the first 5 innings and made it look INCREDIBLY easy. Whether it was a 2-seamer or 4 seamer, both of his fast balls averaged at around 95 mph. It was just insane how fast Price was throwing. Another thing that I liked about his pitching style was the fact that the pitches came out quickly. Not exactly Jake Peavy quickly but it was about 5 seconds between the catcher and the next pitchers.

The entire pace of the game changed at the bottom of the 5th. For the Tampa Bay Rays, we saw James Loney get on base with a single to left and not long after that, Desmond Jennings hit a home run to left field. Before you know it, 2-1 Rays. This bit of good news for Rays fans was answered back by the Red Sox in the next inning. After striking out looking at his last at-bat, David Ortiz was able to hit a single to right field, enough to have Dustin Pedroia come home to make the score now 2-2. It didn't end there though. The "Flyin' Hawaiian" struck back with another single, bringing David Ortiz home and making the score 3-2.

I do want to add that I caught a foul ball from Brock Holt in the 6th inning. Here's proof. I know that Brock Holt is still a newcomer to the big leagues but I have a feeling that he's going to be a big deal in the next few years. Boston is in the midst of rebuilding the team so it's no surprise that they're right there with the Tampa Bay Rays in terms of suckiness.

Anyways, I can tell you at this point with the back and forth going between the two teams in the second half of the game that the crowd was really getting into it. You had cowbells ringing. You had Red Sox fans standing up and yelling "RAYS SUCKKKKKKK". The atmosphere inside the park was electrifying. All of this changed in the Rays favor in the 7th inning. After the 7th inning stretch, we saw a rally that was led by Jennings, Zobrist, and Longoria. I guess you can thank the relief pitcher, Junichi Tazawa for the result of this game. I personally like Tazawa because he did very well in last year's world series but well... he's no Koji Uehara. Honestly though, I think that this specific game is definitely a blooper for him. With Tazawa on the mound, the Rays were able to score 4 more Runs on 4 Hits.

I thought we were going to see David Price pitch the remainder of the game because he went innings in with no problem. I think around the 8th inning he also surpassed 10 strikeouts (which means free pizza from Papa John's for everybody in the Tampa Bay area). Unfortunately, in 9th inning we saw Jake McGee relieve David Price. Luckily, Big Papi was no longer in the line-up so no worries from that threat. At this point, it seemed like a hopeless situation for the Boston Red Sox, 1 out and behind 4 Runs but they were able to score one more run. At this point, it was too little, too late. Before you know it, after Brock Holt's final strikeout, the game was over. 6-4, Tampa Bay. The Rays would go on to win the tomorrow's game, taking the series between the Red Sox at 2-1.

-----

FANBASE 7/10 - I'VE NEVER SEEN A CROWD BOO BIG PAPI

Have you ever seen BIG PAPI booed at a baseball game? I've been to Red Sox games, Yankees games and have never seen it happen. Only at Tropicana Field I guess. By the way, the fan experience was quite surprising to say the least. The running joke among all baseball fans is that the Tampa Bay Rays never have enough fans to fill even a fourth of the stadium. Even during playoffs, there's stories of the Rays organization giving away tickets to fill enough seats for the TV. I can say that with the attendance at this game, this was definitely not the case. There were many fans in the ballpark and most importantly, they were mostly rooting for the home team. So BOOYAH rumors! The Rays have a legitimate fan base!

Of course, the crowd may have only been packed because of the specific match-up. For a lot of small market teams, the crowd mostly shows up when the Red Sox or the Yankees come into town. My sister went to a few more games prior to this one and said that it was incredibly crowded. Another thing to note is that the Tampa Bay Rays are still a YOUNG team. They've only been around for a decade so I expect the fan base to grow as the young kids grow up and become baseball fans. I think the potential is there for the Rays organization to have a jam packed stadium on a consistent basis. All the Rays need to do is keep winning games and before you know it, the people will come.

Going back to the Big Papi experience though, I have to say that it was quite surprising and made me quite... giddy to see the home crowd actively booing one of the biggest stars of baseball. Folks, this means that this rivalry between Tampa Bay and Boston is REAL. I think that rivalries are a very good thing for baseball. You have interaction between the fan bases and it adds to the long and stories histories for each of the franchises. Nothing is more satisfying to say that your rival teams stinks and have the rest of the home crowd cheer with you. Such a gratifying experience to say "PHILLIES SUCK!" . You should try it out.

One of the cool things that I liked about the crowd at the Rays game was the fact that everybody had cowbells. Instead of thunder sticks or hit towels, they had cowbells. For every at bat for the home team, it was answered by cowbells. Every 3-2 count, more cowbells. This unique piece of fan culture is probably the result from this SNL skit.

<insert youtube video of the MORE COWBELL skit>

More cowbell is definitely one of the catch phrases for the team and they embrace the obnoxiousness.

As for the 7th inning stretch, a lot of it was standard fare stuff. We had the usual "Take me out to the Ball Game" song followed by a disco song afterwards. Not the GREATEST. Afterwards we saw a cheerleading squad do some kind of spanish dance and then the park's guest star came by and did some kind of breakdancing. It was... ehhh... not the most interesting 7th inning stretch but I'll go ahead and post the video anyway.

<video of the 7th inning stretch>

All in all, I would say that the fan base is not the best I've ever seen (not as amped up as Oakland's, that's for sure) but you can definitely dismiss the talk that there are NO Rays fans in the area. This team does have a fanbase, they just need a little bit more time to become established.

-----

OVERALL SCORE: 30/50

My overall experience at the park was pretty great. ABOVE AVERAGE in terms of going to the ball park to watch a game but definitely way above the expectations that I had coming into the match. I realize that I may have given the match-up a higher score than normal only because we saw the two aces of each of these teams pitch wonderful games so this may change if I ever do a reevaluation of the ball parks. Another thing that I'd like to point out is that getting out of the parking lot was an immense pain in the buttocks so that may have a negative impact on the score at some later point. Overall, however, it was a good experience and I'd like to say that I expect a lot of great things from Tampa Bay in the future. I wouldn't necessarily call myself a Rays fan but gosh darnit, I have definitely stopped making fun of the Rays as a baseball team. They are legit as they come.

-----

REPORT CARD:

Park Aesthetics: 5/10
Park Amenities: 6/10
Park Food & Drink: 5/10
Match-up: 8/10
Fanbase: 7/10

Overall: 31/50

-----

Okay faithful readers, if you happened to get this far, you definitely deserve some kind of medal. My writing tends to be a bit rambling at times but well... DEAL WITH IT! Just kidding, I'm doing my best to capture all of my feelings whenever I watch these games so that I can look back it a year from now and be like, "ohhhhh so that's how that game went".

At this point in time, it's the 2014 baseball playoffs and we're seeing lots of interesting stuff coming from the KANSAS CITY ROYALS (WTF?!?!). They've already knocked the Oakland A's out of the playoffs and are working on taking out the LA Angels (and are so darn close to doing so). At this point in time, I really don't have a horse in the race because the Mets are out but I guess I'm kind of pulling for the Baltimore Orioles only because they're the only Beltway team that I like. Yeah, that's right, I still have a lot of negative energy towards the Nats for kicking the Mets butt this season.

Please feel free to leave any comments or constructive criticism! I look forward to writing another one of these in the future. I'll probably do a New York Mets review in the future during the off season only because I've been to so many games at Citifield this past season. I'll try not to be incredibly biased :P

-Matt